Cpalmer feb (#360)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/install-guide/index.md

uid: microsoft.quantum.install
---

# Getting Started with the Quantum Development Kit

> The Quantum Development Kit can be used on a variety of platforms (Windows, Linux, Mac) and with a variety of development enviornments (Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, Command Line).  Additionally, Q# quantum program is executed on one of many target machines provided by the Quantum Development Kit (e.g., full-state simulator, trace simulator or resource estimator.  These target machines can be invoked from any .NET host language or from Python. Here is a guide to configuring the Quantum Development Kit for each platform and host language in the manner most natural for that platform and host language.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Quantum Development Kit can be used on a variety of platforms (Windows, Linux, Mac) and with a variety of development environments (Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, or the command line).  Additionally, Q# quantum programs are executed on one of many target machines provided by the Quantum Development Kit (e.g., full-state simulator, trace simulator or resource estimator).  These target machines can be invoked from any .NET host language, or from Python. Here is a guide to configuring the Quantum Development Kit for each platform and host language in the manner most natural for that platform and host language.   
```
